Size GNU sort's buffer explicitly in SORT_FILE and SORT_FASTQ (#924)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: docs/developer.md

    - All processes should have a label specifying needed resources (e.g. `label "small"`). Resources are then specified in `configs/resources.config`.
        - Most labels declare static resources (`cpus = 8; memory = 16.GB`).
        - When a process's peak memory scales strongly with input size, the label's `memory` directive may be a closure over the process inputs that picks a memory tier based on total byte size. See `bbmask_resources` in `configs/resources.config` for an example, and `tests/configs/resources/` for its associated nf-test.
        - The `cpus` directive may be a closure too. Besides buying parallelism, a larger reservation limits how many copies of a process pack onto one host, which is the only way to bound a process's demand on host-local disk: AWS Batch on EC2 schedules on cpu and memory only and ignores Nextflow's `disk` directive (it is Fargate-only). See `sort_file_resources` for an example.

>         - A closure over an input variable must use that process's own input name, so a shared closure cannot be reused across processes whose inputs are named differently. Note also that `file` shadows Nextflow's `file()` function and should not be used as an input name in a process whose label has a resource closure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The `cpus` directive may also be a closure over process inputs to more heavily parallelize large inputs, especially when `memory` tiers already allocate more of an instance to a given task.
        - Scaling `memory` or `cpus` also limits how many tasks pack onto one instance, which can help bound the cumulative local disk usage.
        - A closure over an input variable must use that process's own input name, so closures can only be reused across processes whose inputs are named the same. Avoid using `file` in these closures and process inputs, which shadows Nextflow's `file()` function.
```

    - All processes should have a label specifying needed resources (e.g. `label "small"`). Resources are then specified in `configs/resources.config`.
        - Most labels declare static resources (`cpus = 8; memory = 16.GB`).
        - When a process's peak memory scales strongly with input size, the label's `memory` directive may be a closure over the process inputs that picks a memory tier based on total byte size. See `bbmask_resources` in `configs/resources.config` for an example, and `tests/configs/resources/` for its associated nf-test.

>         - The `cpus` directive may also be a closure over process inputs to more heavily parallelize large inputs, especially when `memory` tiers already allocate more of an instance to a given task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The `cpus` directive may also be a closure over process inputs to more heavily parallelize large inputs, especially when `memory` tiers already allocate more of an instance to a given task. However, the ratio between available CPUs and memory can vary and depends on the instance types defined by the compute environment.
```
